Remove NJIT spoof

Online Exam System
	Open-ended Python questions
		Write a function named "xxxxx" that takes arguments "xxx" and "xxx" and does operation "x" and "x"
		
	Instructor and Student Access
	1 login page
		Different site for roles
		If invalid credentials, only show message, else redirect to new page.
	
	5 Use cases
		Instructor should be able to add questions to question bank
			Question
				Difficulty,
				Topic,
				Minimum 2 test cases with format: "if you use argument x, should return this"
			not needed for beta but for final

				Split screen, show related questions in the question bank
				Filter question bank using dropdown categories difficulty and topic
					Only show once filters are selected
					Pagination?
		
		Select question to make exam
			split screen, left side exam, right side question bank
			button to move to exam, button to remove from exam
			assign points to questions when in exam
			show total possible points
			questions only have points when in exam
			submit button
			1 instructor, 1 class/section
			
			no deleting
			
			multiple instructors can access same exam
		
		Student login and take exam
			List points a question is worth
			exam ends when instructor releases scores
			cant see results until exam is released
			
		questions are autograded (Middle End)
			Gets a students answer as string.
			store in database
			confirm that name of function is correct.
			run php function exec to run python interpreter and run a python file. Use test cases on student answer
				Put string into a python file, and run it
			scoring table
				name
				test cases
				instructor should be able to overwrite the score
			Default score is 0 until graded
				
			Should exams be autograded when submitted but shown until released, or when the instructor clicks a button?
			
		Student review results
			show scoring table
			show student answer
			show test cases
			Reason why wrong?
			
Online exam system:
  2 login roles: teacher + student
use cases:
  1) teacher login and adds questions to question bank
  2) teacher selects questions to make exam
  3) student logs in and takes exam
  4) Exam is autograded. Instructor takes scores adds comments and releases exam
  5) Student reviews results
  
  
Visual representation - Front end
grader - middle end
tables - back end

Session only on frontend. whenever sending a post request, add a variable that indicates its in a session. Check for variable before doing anything.
